[Music]
once upon a time
there was a person coming to a new
village relocating
and he was wondering if he would like it
there
so he went to a zen master and asked
do you think i will like it in this
village
are the people nice the master asked
back
how were the people in the town where
you came from
they were nasty and greedy they were
angry
and lived for cheating and stealing said
the newcomer
those are exactly the type of people we
have in this village
said the master
[Music]
a day later another newcomer to the
village
visited the master and asked the same
question
to which the master asked how were the
people
in the town where you come from
they were sweet and lived in harmony
they cared for one another
and for the land they respected each
other
and they were seekers of spirit he
replied
well those are exactly the type of
people
we have in this village said the master
[Music]
you see in life in your life
whatever you see in the world the world
will see in you
[Music]
see hope see good see love
and the world will see the same in you
but if you only see the nasty and greedy
part of people
that is what they will see in you
so be good to the world and the world
will be good to you give love to the
world
and the world will give love to you
this is their to do motivation stories
thanks for watching and stay blessed
[Music]
you